- [Director] Roll cameras!
(tapping cymbal)
(playing guitar)
♪ Whatsoever I've feared
has come to life ♪
♪ Whatsoever I've fought
off became my life ♪
♪ Just when everyday ♪
♪ Seemed to greet me with a smile ♪
♪ Sunspots have faded
and now I'm doing time ♪
♪ Now I'm doing time ♪
♪ 'Cause I fell on ♪
♪ Black days ♪
♪ I fell on ♪
♪ Whomsoever I've cured
I've sickened now ♪
♪ And whomsoever I've
cradled I've put you down ♪
♪ I'm a search light soul they say ♪
♪ But I can't see it in the night ♪
♪ I'm only faking when I get it right ♪
♪ When I get it right ♪
♪ 'Cause I fell on ♪
♪ Black days ♪
♪ I fell on ♪
♪ How would I know ♪
♪ That this could be my fate ♪
♪ So what you wanted to see good ♪
♪ Has made you blind ♪
♪ And what you wanted to be yours ♪
♪ Has made it mine ♪
♪ So don't you lock up something ♪
♪ That you wanted to see fly ♪
♪ Hands are for shaking ♪
♪ Not tying ♪
♪ No not tying ♪
♪ I sure don't mind a change ♪
♪ Yeah I sure don't mind
sure don't mind a change ♪
♪ I sure don't mind a change ♪
♪ 'Cause I fell on ♪
♪ Black days ♪
♪ I fell on ♪
♪ How would I know ♪
♪ That this could be my fate ♪
♪ That this could be my ♪
♪ Be my fate ♪
♪ I sure don't mind a change ♪
(faint chattering)